[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Why are Sirius and Orion
the fathers and mothers
of civilization?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore these constellations
and the species that inhabit
these powerful portals.
Once Elohim created the
portals through time
so they could create
the matter and they
could define the
path of evolutions
in the three-dimensional worlds.
They needed, in this
process of evolution,
people who could
be able to handle
the process of consciousness
in physical worlds.
So we had these planets, like
the Pleiadian planets, Vega,
and Lyrans, that they
were more subtle,
and they were connected
to the fourth, the fifth,
and sixth dimension through
their way of thinking,
their way of living.
But the Elohim
needed civilizations
like in a middle
point, in between those
who were built to survive in the
third dimension and those who
were built to live in
the fourth dimension,
to be in touch with them
in between dimensions.
So the middle point in which
the subtle beings and the more
dense civilizations
were found in the middle
was Sirius and Orion.
Orion was the
portal through which
all the beings in the
darkness and the light
could meet in the same spot.
And Sirius would be
that constellation
and that star that
helped everyone
to understand their
purpose in the galaxy.
In Atlantis, Khefislion,
the Sirian people
were seen like the
architects of the universe,
like the representative
of the Elohim in matter.
So Atlanteans kind
of thought that they
were the living
beings that could
talk with the sixth dimension.
So that's why, for
Atlantean people,
they were the guides to create
the civilization, to create
everything that we know.
And Orion was the
portal towards we
could reach every information.
So for us, the Sirian people was
the builders of the libraries
and the Orion people
were opening the doors
so we could reach every book.
That was the Atlantean way of
understanding and connecting
with those portals.
In Atlantean times, we never
thought that they were gods.
We thought that they
were the reflection
of a higher self with whom
we were not able to talk to.
So they were like guides, they
were like masters, mothers,
fathers, and our ancestors.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My soul is really
bounded to Sirius
because I lived in
two of its planets.
The first one I was
born to is a planet
I remember with the name Eimpah.
Eimpah was a planet
with many moons.
And the system of the
planet was amphibious,
because all the planet
was water and there
were just a few islands.
And those islands were covered
by water half of the year,
and other half of the
year, they were, again,
out because of one
big moon that was
pulling all the water from
one side of the planet
to another one.
So this changing constantly
the weather and the structure
in which we used to live.
So we live half of the year
outside the water and half
of the year inside the water.
And all our cities
were like tunnels,
and they were
inside the mountains
and inside the plains.
And they had these weird
like structures with membrane
so the water could come in
in just the places where
we were allowed to go, and
all the beings that were not
able to be inside the water,
they went to the highest hills.
They were not like big cities.
They were like small
towns all over around,
and connected by
tunnels underground.
We had this frog face
with four horns back.
And our brain was divided
in four parts in the head.
And we used to connect
by vibrating the brain.
So in the water, we could
communicate it like sonar.
And we had these membranes
in our hands and feet
so we could go in the water.
And all our structure
of society, civilization
was like ants going under
the ground and on the sea.
And we were bounded by
our responsibilities.
So we were not like families.
We were born in eggs.
And there were
circles of wise people
that they were deciding
the destiny of every egg
and the destiny of every
being in the planet.
They decided which
eggs were going
to which cluster of people so we
could be in the same resonance
and in the same level
of evolution with them.
So it was kind of society
deciding where you
are going to have your family.
Because of half
of the year we had
no water in the main
islands, we harvest
some fruits and some
other roots to have
food for the rest of the
year when the water comes.
So we were harvesting,
and we used
to walk like
gorillas or monkeys.
We were not very good on walking
on the ground, because we
were not meant to be there.
So the rest of the year, when
the water came to the island,
we spent most of the
time in the water.
So we were swimming like a
mermaid and shaped with a frog.
Our culture was very
related to the moons.
We were called the planet
with 1,000 satellites
because we had these rings
like Saturn, a big moon that
was crushed, and all the parts
were going around the planet.
So our culture was
bounded to the spirits
of the lights of those moons.
And we had two tiny
suns very far away,
which is Sirius A and Sirius B.
And these two
sunrise and sunsets
make us have all the
time kind of light
because the reflection
of the moons.
So all the world
was really awake,
like all the emotional
thing was really out.
There was nothing to hide.
It was not like here in Earth.
We had no emotions related to
mother or father or brothers
because everything
that we felt, it
was right there, right outside.
So our culture was very neutral,
in that sense, because there
was nothing to hide.
In that planet
was the first time
I experienced the big war,
how the Draconians started
to invade some planets and to
take energy from our worlds.
So that was one of the
first planets where
I had to fight and to
defend our system because
of the Draconians
trying to control us.
But we had not guns.
We had not anything
to defend ourselves.
We were just using our mouth
to take the heads of the enemy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The other planet I was
born in was Gludok.
And Gludok was one of the main
places where the confederation
used to held some reunions.
Gludok has two big
continents and small seas.
And I was living outside what
we call the planetary capital
Shiroda.
We had also two
suns, but closer.
And the biggest one
was our main sun.
We also had two sunrise and two
sunsets, and only five moons.
And the biggest part
of the continent
was like desert and stones, and
a few forest in some places.
And our culture,
our civilization
was one of the founders
of the confederation.
This means that that planet with
other planets from the galaxy
were the founders of the first
civilizations in the galaxy.
And they knew how to put all
the spheres of other dimensions
and build them on planets.
That's why they designed
the main structure of how
a civilization works,
because we figure out
that the most accurate
system in the whole galaxy,
in the whole
universe was already
designed by the universe.
And it was biological.
So that's why our entire
civilization and the way
we imprint that our civilization
in the Galactic Federation
was in a biological way, in
the system how our body works.
The system of Sirius has
many planets, but two of them
are really inhabited and
one of them just a bit.
The main species of
Sirius are in Gludok,
and there are three of them,
three races of Gludokians,
which we call the In-Na.
One of them lives in the
north, the other ones
in the middle of the planet,
and the other ones in the South.
We had all the same
structure, which
was around two meters and a
half tall, and gray, brown,
and clear gray skin.
These different skins
were the only thing
that really differences the
races of the In-Na people.
But all of us had
the same head--
big eyes, black eyes, and
a head in the conic shape.
The conic shape has
three parts of our brain,
two to understand this
reality, and other one
to connect with other realities.
So we, the conehead
people, we were
able to talk through time
and space with other species.
And that's why we were chosen
to be the kind of rulers
of the confederation.
When the Elohim needed to put
the spheres of other levels
of consciousness on this
reality, they needed to express
and compress all the data,
all the information in the way
that, in the third
dimension, we could see it.
So what they did was to use
these civilizations, like Orion
and Sirius, to look
for a way to reach
the perfect way in
which the sphere could
be built in this reality.
So that's why these
two civilizations
started to create the pyramids.
Pyramids are not just
ups, they are also below.
And they create this
octahedron shape
that contains the sphere
in the ethereal world,
but in the shape of
the material world.
That's why, once the Aessir,
the Soffhir, and Nemnir,
and Alithier started to seed
the information through blood,
through vibration,
through DNA in our planet,
once they shaped
our way of thinking,
they shaped our connection with
the planet, with the stars.
And once they shaped our
way of seeing civilization,
then when the Arcturians
prepared the humans
to be the aligned beings
to have the power within
and to prepare them to
awake all the inner power
that they had, then the Sirian
people and Orion's people,
they came to our
planet to teach us
how to build a proper
civilization so we
could bring the spheres
of heaven here on Earth.
And that is why we
call the In-Na people
the mother of civilization.
That's why we call them the ones
that brought the information
to be who we are as empires,
as civilization, as the society
that we have built
in Atlantean times.
The In-Na people
came here many times.
They came to see the world
when the dinosaurs were here.
They were always taking care of
the evolution of this planet,
like watching from above,
until the Arcturians created
a species that they
were able to talk with--
us, Homo sapien sapiens.
They came to this planet, but
they never showed their face.
They were always
covered with something,
like kind of a
blanket, like a ghost.
And they used these
dresses so nobody could see
their heads and their faces.
So they were treated
like gods, and they
had these hats with the
shape of a cone saying
that that was the connection
with the universe.
So in history, we still
have these symbols.
In Christianity, Egypt,
Middle East, Asia,
this is the symbol of
the priests, the symbol
of the kings and queens of
the history that were bounded
to the mothers of civilization.
They were like politicians,
but in a different way.
They came here to talk
only with the architects.
They would say that the
architecture was the key
to understand how are our
societies should be built,
because the great mind of
the goddess in the universe
was the great architect.
So that's why they taught how
to build societies according
to how they build
their houses, how
they build their structures.
So that's why, in the very
beginning, they took the stones
and they taught
people how to build
the structures with rectangular
or cube-shape stones.
They said that the shape
of a cube in a stone
would have the
imprint of the sphere,
so all the dimensions are
bounded in that shape.
So if you don't build a
big stone, a big circle,
you have to build with a cube.
So that's why they start to
build columns with that shape,
they start to build
houses with that shape.
And they created these
monuments to create spheres
all over the world.
And these spheres
were populations
and villages and
cities that were
built in three circles,
one smaller, the other one
bigger, and the other one
surrounding the other ones.
So this is the main structure in
which all the towns were built
in the past so we could have
present, past, and future all
connected in once in the matter.
So that's why Atlantis
was built in that shape,
so we could have all
the times in one place.
And they were the
builder of the pyramids.
They were the ones that
talked to the architects,
and talked to the
architects how to build
the consciousness of
the universe here,
and how to make our civilization
something that was divine.
So that's why every pyramid
you would see in the world,
it was not built
by them, but it was
guided how to do it by them.
The Sirian people
used to follow what
we call the conscious equator.
The consciousness
equator was a line
crossing from Peru, Rapa nui,
Cambodia, Pakistan, Iraq,
Egypt, and the desert of
Sahara, and going to Green Cape,
and Brazil.
So that line that connects
the equator of consciousness
in the planet was
the one that they
used to move around the planet.
So while the cultures
that are in that regions
are the ones more connected
to the Sirian people.
And that's why, in the
desert, for example, we
have the Dogon
people in Sahara that
inherit their knowledge
of them, and how
to build a self, a being
from the mother star.
And Egypt was one of the most
important civilizations that
built everything
according to the teachings
of the In-Na people.
When Atlantean civilization,
Khefislion ended,
all the sons and daughters
from civilization
from Ekaron Island,
which is Canary Islands,
came to the Mediterranean Sea.
And they stopped in
Balearic Islands,
then they stopped in
Corsica and Sardinia,
and then Sicily, Crete,
then Cyprus, and from there,
went to River Nile.
They brought the idea of
the mother civilization.
And the main priestess that
taught about the mother
civilization was
the mother Isis.
And the mother Isis was
represented in the sky
by the star of the mother
civilization, which
was the In-Na.
And that's why all the
civilization of Egypt and Khem
civilization before Egypt were
built according to the mother,
according to Isis, and the
star that now we call Sirius.
Sirius, In-Na, the mother of
all civilizations on Earth,
they shaped the
idea of how to build
the uterus of civilization.
That's why the structure,
the architecture
was bringing those
dimensions and the creation
of the sixth dimension
here on Earth.
So they shaped
the idea of how we
be able to create our own
path, our own evolution
through consciousness.
And that's why we
call it the mother.
They were taking care of us.
But on the other hand, we
had the Orion civilization.
Orion has many cultures because
it's the most important portal.
The two more important for
us are these two species,
in different worlds.
One of them was the
agricultors of the galaxy,
and the other ones
were the Seekers.
The agricultors of the
galaxy are the keepers
of the seeds of DNA.
And they look for
planets to see where
they can put the
genetic material so they
can keep all information of the
galaxy in different planets.
It's like a bank of information.
We can see them like
with big eyes, big head,
similar to humans,
normally bald.
And they are dressed with
this platinum kind of dress.
And they used to
go over the galaxy
in these ships that
had the shape of a UFO
that we all know.
And they travel the galaxy
through the fourth dimension
with these machines that spin.
So they go inside
and bend the time
so they can travel through
one planet to another.
The Keepers used to use
the Seekers to find worlds
where they could seed
all these seeds of DNA.
These Seekers were
looking for worlds.
And when the minerals and all
the resources of those worlds
was ended, they seek
for another one.
So that's why there
were called the Seekers,
from our perspective.
So we, the Seeders, used
the Seekers to reach planets
where to put that seeds.
When the Seekers
arrived to Earth,
was guided by the Seeders,
because the Seeders
saw that Earth was able
to hold many seeds of DNA.
Humans used to call that
Seekers as Aessir or Annunaki.
And when they were
here, then the Seeders
of the galaxy, the
agricultors, came to our world
and started to seed
this information which
was inside of each one of us.
And that's why they are the
fathers of civilization,
because they brought
all information
of every civilization and
they put it inside of us,
inside of our mind,
inside our blood,
and Sirius built the
structures that we
call the uterus, the pyramids,
where you go in with the seed.
And then you create a being, a
superbeing, which is a human.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When I was living in Khem,
the colony of Atlantis,
12,000 years ago, I
remember the Sirian people,
when they came to visit us,
it was something fascinating,
but not like seeing a god,
but seeing a grandfather
or grandmother that
you were expecting
to see for a long time.
So they had no emotions.
They just had this neutral
treatment, but it was sweet.
It was a weird sweetness
that they had with us,
like if we were kids.
So we were called
the young brothers.
In that colony, we used to
call the people from Sirius
and Orion our ancestors, our
grandfathers and grandmothers.
We had not this idea of gods.
The Atlanteans saw
them like partners
in the construction
of a new civilization,
because Atlantis knew
that the world, this world
was being able to
evolve so fast,
and that we were able to
reach an amount of energy
and consciousness
really, really wide.
And the goal of Atlantis was
to show to Orions and Sirian
people that we were able to
be part of the confederation.
And for us, 2,000
years after that,
in Egypt, that was history.
That was something that
we couldn't accomplish.
We had a lot of work
to do before being
part of the confederation.
And that's why,
instead of seeing them
like partners in
this construction,
we saw them guides and
ancestors that wisely told us
how to survive in this world.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
the creation of the
Galactic Confederation
and how they
governed the galaxy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]